Princess, run, run
Why should I run?
Well, Nine, they didn't catch you
You delivered it to your door instead
Well, the people you're looking for are unusable
All were killed by me with one sword
Pardon me?
No wonder.
A Qi training with a broken sword in hand dares to be so arrogant
It turns out that Xuan Yingzong is backing up behind him
This Lei Qin is the second person of Thunder Cloud Sect
It is said that thousands of years ago
He has reached the realm of the seven vowels
Strength cannot be taken lightly
One vowel isn't enough.
See Luo Yi in person
How dare you be so arrogant
Again, whoever it is
Dare to trample on my Tianzong Holy Land
Kill my disciple
The end is only one word
Dead presumptuous
I'd like to see what I can do
Hey, Protector Bei deals with a mere ant
Why do you need to protect the law yourself?
I can come
Your dad saved this trash from chess
Dirty my clothes
Today is your day of death
Master Feng Run
Obediently watch how this ant dies
I broke through the cocoon and saw how poor your Tianzong is
Humph
With this garbage hanging on the hall for decoration
Dare to use it cheaply
Then you'll see how I use this broken cocoon
Cut off your heads